It's a rather blustery afternoon out on the seashore, waves crash along the stone edges of the pier with a resounding crash, drowning out the sounds of seagulls flying the approaching storm.
A stiff breeze brings a chill from the east, and pushes grey clouds closer over the waters of Dragontooth bay. The sun still shines bright, casting an odd contrast against the dark grey of the sky... soon it's light will be dimmed by rain and thunder, but for now it's warmth still touches the earth.
A seagull lands on a nearby bollard, misaligned feathers flapping slightly in the approaching wind. It tilts a feathery head, observing the small group of people.
A few seconds later a man dressed in classic seafaring finery steps out from behind a warehouse, his tricorn seemingly itching to leave his head with the aid of the sea winds. He bows curtly to the group, a slight smirk on his not-exactly-shaven face, and the smell of lavender permeates the air.
"Fine day for a stroll, isn't it?"
He holds out a calloused hand to shake, just as a rumble of thunder peels from above

The light of the sun is dissipated by the thickening clouds overhead, and in a similar manner the crowds of people seem to dissipate as well. 
In a manner of seconds the group and the man, plus one very curious seagull, are the only life left on the increasingly stormy pier. 
Val dashed forwards on his sun scarred paws, untroubled by the turbulent sands beneath him. By its blazing glory, he would end this spiny foe, one way or another.
With a squeak of determination he leaped onto the beast's scaly skin, Mirothimer finding purchase in the gaps between the scales where only his blade can reach. 
He carves a bloody path across the monster's body, moving with his namesake: swift. He ascends towards the venerable face, his body temporarily cloaked in the shadows of the beast's presence.

"I don't need payment, knowing that this land's just a little safer is compensation enough"
He shrugs off his heavy pack, laden with the glories of his travel.
"The Hedgehog is dead, it won't terrorize you or your kin anymore, rest easy, that's all I wish"
Before the innkeeper can respond, he strides down the stairs, going to the room he's rented for the night. Despite being a figure of growing local legend, he still needs shelter just the same as any mouse.
The mouse is sent sliding across the stone by the force of the swipe, feeling it resonate in his tiny bones-
The gold feels heavy in his paws... this was the price of-
-ait! Don't go just yet, there's still one last thing" He turns back-

Val watched in horror as the owl tore through the homes like a stick through the mud, bringing untold destruction with every motion of its terrible wings.
"No..."
He felt powerless to stop it, all he had was his paws and Mirothimer, and the owl was far too distant to be reached by either. The only thing he could do was watch, and hope that the poor mice in those homes made it out in time
"You will find your retribution, feathered demon, one day you will know the bitter kiss of death"
He mutters, sure the owl can't hear him, but the words are more for himself than anyone else.
It's a promise he intends to keep